readme and changelog updates (#409)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/hipSPARSE: CHANGELOG.md

### Additions

* New packages for test and benchmark executables on all supported operating systems using CPack

## hipSPARSE 2.1.0 for ROCm 5.1.0

### Additions

* Added `gtsv_interleaved_batch` and `gpsv_interleaved_batch` routines
* Added `SpGEMM_reuse`

### Changes

* Changed `BUILD_CUDA` with `USE_CUDA` in the install script and CMake files
* Updated GoogleTest to 11.1

### Fixes

* Fixed a bug in SpMM Alg versioning

## hipSPARSE 2.0.0 for ROCm 5.0.0

### Additions

* Added (conjugate) transpose support for `csrmv`, `hybmv`, and `spmv` routines

## hipSPARSE 1.11.2 for ROCm 4.5.0

### Additions

* Triangular solve for multiple right-hand sides using BSR format
* SpMV for BSRX format
* Enhanced SpMM in CSR format to work with transposed A
* Matrix coloring for CSR matrices
* Batched tridiagonal solve (`gtsv_strided_batch`)
* SpMM for BLOCKED ELL format
* Generic routines for SpSV and SpSM
* Beta support for Windows 10
* Additional atomic-based algorithms for SpMM in COO format
* Additional algorithm for SpMM in CSR format

### Changes

* Packaging has been split into a runtime package (`hipsparse`) and a development package
  (`hipsparse-devel`).
  

>   The development package depends on runtime. The runtime package suggests the development package for all supported operating systems (except CentOS 7) to aid in the transition. The suggests feature in packaging is introduced as a deprecated feature and will be removed in a future rocm release.

Author: @saadrahim this needs some reworking

>   The development package depends on runtime. The runtime package suggests the development package for all supported operating systems (except CentOS 7) to aid in the transition. The suggests feature in packaging is introduced as a deprecated feature and will be removed in a future rocm release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The development package depends on the runtime package. When installing the runtime package, the package manager will suggest the installation of the development package to aid users transitioning from the previous version's combined package. This suggestion by package manager is for all supported operating systems (except CentOS 7) to aid in the transition. The `suggestion` feature in the runtime package is introduced as a deprecated feature and will be removed in a future ROCm release.
```
